---
layout: post
title: Detroit Taikai<br>Important Due Dates
---
#Detroit Kendo Club Tournament, Seminar, and Promotion

###Please have all forms turned into Caleb, Brian, or Alex as soon as possible

We have to turn all forms in as a group in a single packet.

- Tournament & Seminar Registration deadline date of 01/22/16 (Fri)
- The Promotion Exam registration deadline date is 1/29/16

<hr>

Dear Kendo Friends and Family,

It is our pleasure to provide you with the registration packet for the
18th Annual Detroit Open Kendo Tournament, Seminar, and Promotion Exam
hosted by the Detroit Kendo Dojo, on February 13th and 14th 2016, in Novi Michigan.

This year our distinguished tournament guests will be **Kendo Kyoshi 8 Dan Eiga Hideyuki Sensei**
and his brother **Kendo Kyoshi 8 Dan Eiga Naoki Sensei**
from Hokkaido, Japan. Eiga Hideyuki Sensei currently is the Head Kendo Instructor at
Eniwa Minami High School and Eiga Naoki Sensei is currently part of the Hokkaido Police Force.
They have both participated in many tournaments including the well-known All Japan Kendo Championships.

The enclosed packet includes tournament information and scheduling,
as well as the required entry/waiver forms.
Please follow the instructions carefully and complete all of the necessary forms.
The registration deadline date for tournament entry is **January 22, 2016**.
Please have the Registration Entry form, Liability Waiver form and payment all delivered by
January 22, 2016. Promotion exam information is included as well.
Please follow the appropriate instructions and deadline.

I hope all competitors will feel a sense of accomplishment after participating
in this international event and hope that this tournament will continue
to forge stronger friendships among all Kendo practitioners.

Best Wishes,

Yoshiteru Tagawa<br>
President of Detroit Kendo Dojo


[Tournament Packet](/img/pdfs/2016_detroit_tournament_packet.pdf)<br>
[MWKF Promotion Form](/img/pdfs/mwkf_promotion_form.pdf)



